--- Page 1 ---
Published July 10, 2024
XIIIFannie Mae notiﬁes servicers of changes and updates to servicing policies and procedures through Servicing
Guide announcements, lender letters, and notices as described below:
Servicing Guide announcements describe changes to policies and requirements within the Servicing
Guide  content. Servicing Guide announcements are numbered in chronological order as: SVC–202X–XX.
Lender letters communicate 
-  new or modiﬁed policies and requirements that may be temporary in nature,
-  reminders of existing policies, and
-  advance notice of policy changes with future eﬀective dates to be included in future Servicing
Guide  updates. Lender Letters are numbered in chronological order as: LL–202X–XX.
Servicing Notices provide notiﬁcation of information not impacting the Servicing Guide  content, such as
updates to an Exhibit on Fannie Mae’s website. Notices are identiﬁed by the date published (and are not
numbered).
Fannie Mae does not mail printed copies of Guide updates, announcements, lender letters, or notices. Fannie
Mae notiﬁes servicers of changes and updates to its Servicing Guide  policies and procedures in two ways:
posting the documents on Fannie Mae’s website and the AllRegs® subscription website, and
email notiﬁcation to servicers that subscribe to Fannie Mae’s email subscription service and select the
option “Servicing News.”
For a list of  Servicing Guide  policy changes and updates, see In Case You Missed It .
2021 In Case You Missed It
2020 In Case You Missed It
Exhibits, Forms, and Content Incorporated by Reference
Information about speciﬁc forms the servicer must use to fulﬁll the policies and requirements contained in the
Servicing Guide  is provided within the Guide. Servicers can access the actual forms in two ways:
on Fannie Mae’s website via the Guide Forms and Legal Documents pages, which provide a complete list
of all forms and legal documents, or
on the AllRegs subscription website for users with a full subscription to AllRegs.
Some exhibits that relate to Fannie Mae policies and requirements are only referenced in the Servicing Guide
and are posted in their entirety on Fannie Mae’s website. All materials referenced by hyperlink, such as forms,
exhibits and reference materials that are posted to Fannie Mae’s website are incorporated by reference into the
Servicing Guide  and are fully enforceable.
In addition, from time to time, Fannie Mae issues product-speciﬁc guides or directives, which are incorporated
into the Servicing Guide  by reference. All forms, exhibits, and product-speciﬁc information — whether it
currently exists or is subsequently created — referenced in the Servicing Guide  now or later are legally a part of
the Servicing Guide  and Fannie Mae’s contract with its servicers.
Guide Maintenance
Periodically non-policy related maintenance is needed to ensure the integrity of the  Servicing Guide . Examples

